# Human Activity Recognition
This is Human Activity Recognition (HAR) dataset. It consists of 200471 records described by 4 attributes. Each record represents data streamed from 7 sensors in a smart watch worn by a human subject. The attributes of data are described as following:

index: a unique identifier.

Source: The sensor generated the reading.

Timestamp: the timestamp of recording the reading of the sensor mentioned in "source".

Values: The the sensor reading data.

Source: https://hal.archives-ouvertes.fr/hal-01586802

From this dataset we extract only two types of sensor readings generated by "gyroscope" and "accelerometer" sensors.

# Tagging
During SemLinker evaluation, we tagged this dataset with the concept "G:SensorReading", similar to HAR-1 and HAR-2 datasets. The tagging concept is described by the following set of properties, note that each property is linked to "G:SensorReading" in SemLinker global ontology using the relation "G:hasProperty".

"dc:id" : the id of the sensor reading record.

"dc:time" : the creation timestamp.

"G:sensor-type" : the type of sensor generated this reading.

"G:device" : the device used to generate this reading.

"G:model" : the model of the device used to generate this reading.

"G:reading" : the actual reading value(s) generated from the sensor.

As described in SemLinker paper, the system only require a tagging step, i.e., using the GUI to select  the concept G:SensorReading for the input dataset, and, upon connecting the dataset to SemLinker, the following RDF triple is automatically generated and added to the ontology:

HAR_3 M:isInstanceOf :SensorReading .

To this end, its SemLinker responsibility to map HAR-3 attributes to their semantically equivalent ontological properties in G:SensorReading. In optimal performance, SemLinker should output the following mappings:

 :id m:mapsTo IJ:index .
 
 :dateCreated m:mapsTo IJ:timestamp .
 
 :sensor-type m:mapsTo IJ:source .
 
 :reading m:mapsTo IJ:values .
